direct: fix cycle message; simplify labels (#3465)
databricks/cli: acceptance/bundle/resource_deps/loop_jobs/out.deploy.direct-exp.txt

Uploading bundle files to /Workspace/Users/[USERNAME]/.bundle/test-bundle/default/files...

> Error: cycle detected: jobs.bar refers to jobs.foo via "id" which refers to jobs.bar via "id"

Reviewer: The language could be better:
```suggestion
Error: cycle detected: jobs.bar refers to the id from jobs.foo which refers to "id" from jobs.bar
```
